How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It made it unnecessary to compare the two files line by line which would have made it much harder to locate the differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You could restore a previous version if the current version doesn't work right and go forward from a clean version.  You can also do a diff on different versions to see what changes were actually made rather than having to remember.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros - you don't overwrite a stable version with an unstable one.
           you can do 'logical' commits that can be summarized
           in a commit header
    Cons - you forget to save some work you've done and lose it.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Don't know.  If multiple files belong to the same project they should be committed at the same time I would think, unless only part of the project changes - then only that part should be committed.  The repository functionality of git lets you put all files that are related and where changes in one may necessitate changes in another be grouped together for a commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log lists the commits with the associated commit id as well as the commit
    descriptions which tells what was done on the files before the commit.  You
    can then use the commit ids with the git diff to see the actual differences 
    from one commmit to another.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because checkout makes it easy to go back to a commit where the problem doesnt occur

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Some Jupyter notebooks.

